local mouse means you know a lot to me
it's in front of pipelines one of my
favorite spots in the world
like my dream come true so we got that
Jocelyn and
waves are they good with heretics person
we're waiting African Empire
every every single around my 21st
birthday
right mood in
where the floor was flexing
oh yeah that's where we are like mark
welcome house in our Shore
and we're going to knock you down with
me we're going to knock it down and
build a big three-story house kind of
like
why do that just by the next door
three-story house
Jerry's house but there we are not four
million years wildest dreams have ever
ever seen
always gonna be known as cherry sauce
I spilled some
about crystalline
yeah it's definitely found my favorite
wave in the world and you know I mean
it's a bunch of my friends live over
there and we all get together every
winter sort of pipeline basically I had
to rush out of there well no rush but
you know I came home just to prepare for
having my first child get ready for
craziest thing on earth having a baby
hey I might remember this when you're
done his arm thank you
my my bonk amaz came home got my
priorities straight because of my little
baby hmm oh definitely the best best
best thing that's ever happened me it's
cool being a father they you know it's
uh it's you know I mean everyone always
said is Indian after there's nothing can
explain it and now that I am a father
just pretty much years and he can't
explain it so you know I mean a little
less sleep but you know I think you know
growing up doing all-nighters the same
thing now you know kind of mean
I've been doing a lot of baby stuff but
I know my first surf trip can take a
little otter euston it's not trying to
be contest surf or whatever that is but
my first search trip I think it'll
really set it so can that while this is
what I look forward to free surfing not
worried about contest don't worry what
contest turns and a lot of kind of stuff
now I get to concentrate on you know
filming the new Bruce Vulcan movie
project that we got going we're just
going to go and just surf good waves and
go with my friends and just make you
know hopefully just go home once you get
footage together and put it all together
and make a really nice really good
exciting movie so I'm looking forward to
when first surf trip has a non WCT
surfer
you